2016.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 14)
 * Feature Enhancement: IP updated to support Spartan7 device family
 * Other: Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 13)
 * Precompiled library required changes.No functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 12)
 * Updated example design subcore version.No functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Example design fixed for large data reads in non-fifo case. No functional changes.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * Added option to make ICAP primitive external to the core
 * Added interface to access external ICAP primitive
 * Added option to share unused ports of STARTUPE2 primitive
 * Mark Debug attribute removed from core hdl
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Enhanced support for ultrascale plus devices. No functional changes.

2015.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Updated core constraints to accommodate helper core (fifo_generator_v12_0) hierarchy updates. No functional changes.

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * axi hwicap is modified to use new sub-cores in place of proc_common. No functional changes.
 * GUI is updated to prevent an invalid combination of parameters, no functional changes.

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Minor changes to GUI, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Updated example design to support Async mode
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * The verilog file axi_hwicap_v3_0_icap_test.v is no longer delivered
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support.

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Improved support for multiple instances
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Updated core constraints to accommodate helper core (fifo_generator_v11_0) hierarchy updates

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added example design and demonstration testbench
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Updated synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) from metastability
 * Improved GUI speed and responsiveness, no functional changes

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * XDC Constraints updated, XDC Constraints processing order changed
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Native Vivado release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.
 * The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2011 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
