2016.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Port Change: No mandatory port changes. But added new optional ports and interfaces for PCIe DRP, GT DRP, GT Wizard, In System IBERT, Transceiver Control and Status ports.
 * Bug Fix: Enabled ASPM L0s.
 * Bug Fix: Added PMARESET fix, update to the GT reset sequence during the rate change.
 * Bug Fix: Added CDRHOLD fix to ensure CDR and RX Equalization to start working first and not give any false indication that data is good already.
 * Bug Fix: Added Sequence number fifo fix for ES2 silicon.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT DRP, PCIe DRP and Transceiver Control and Status ports option in the core configuration GUI.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added simulation model support to run post synthesis and post implementation simulation.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for 125 MHz and 250 MHz reference clock option.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT Wizard support for Xilinx example design in the Shared Logic page.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added In-System IBERT support in the Add. Debug Options page to scan eye diagram of the serial lane
 * Feature Enhancement: Added JTAG debugger support in the Add. Debug Options page to debug LTSSM, Rx sequence, Rx detect.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Descrambler debugg support in the Add. Debug Options page to debug PIPE data.
 * Other: Moved pblock constraints from IP level XDC file to Xilinx example design top XDC file to allow users to access SLICE range settings in 512-bit AXIST mode.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated MSI-X CAP and NEXTPTR values.
 * Added GT Settings tab for Insertion loss adjustment.
 * Receiver detect drp module is replaced by receiver detect rxtermination module.
 * Fixed GUI typo for BAR-5 and Exp ROM values.
 * QPLL1 support is added for Gen2 (5.0 Gbps) speed along with CPLL. QPLL1 is default.
 * Fixed I/O bank names in quad selection mode for xcvu9p-flga2104/flgb2104/flgc2104 and flga2577.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * Modified Customization GUI View for PF BARs,SRIOV BARs,PCIe ID and ClassCode parameters
 * Support is enabled for all Ultrascale+ parts and packages that support PCIe.
 * Added gtwizard subcore (HIP) support, which includes GTHE4 and GTYE4.
 * Added support for All link widths/speeds (Gen1/2/3 to x1,x2,x4,x8,x16)
 * Added support for Root Port(RP) Mode and RP Example Design synthesis/simulation for all available configurations.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Integrated new GTY and GTH wrapper changes
 * Added support for few more Devices/Packages

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release
 * Dedicated PERST is not supported for the Beta release

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
