2017.1:
 * Version 2.2
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: PFD range checks in GUI for Manual M and D Reference Input clock selection.
 * Bug Fix: Old PHY IPs Update to fix the Phy core generation & Stitching Optimization error in Locked IP Upgrade flow.
 * Bug Fix: 3DS parts performance simulation Updates
 * Bug Fix: DDR4 Self Refresh/Save Restore update for Multi rank design
 * Bug Fix: (Xilinx Answer 67957) UltraScale Memory IP - "Phy core regeneration & stitching failed" occurs when opening an older Vivado project without upgrading the Memory IP
 * Bug Fix: (Xilinx Answer 67933) UltraScale Memory IP - Error messages generated after archiving and moving a project containing Memory IP with a custom part.
 * Bug Fix: (Xilinx Answer 67891) DDR4/DDR3 IP - Ping-Pong PHY behavioral simulations fail with data errors when using BFM simulation mode

2016.3:
 * Version 2.1
 * Port Change: ECC ports are added to provide status of ECC when AXI is disabled.
 * Bug Fix: Added ports for proper ECC functionality and also adds the app_wdf_mask signal back to the User Interface to support Partial Writes AR67455.
 * Bug Fix: Enables generating 80-bit wide DDR4 interfaces for xcku115-flvf1924 FPGAs AR67632.
 * Bug Fix: Corrected the speed grade of 093F to 093E AR67631.
 * Bug Fix: Corrected issue within User Interface logic that potentially caused data errors and incorrect app_rdy behavior. AR67544
 * Bug Fix: Resolved custom part issues related to moving IP, opt_design errors when skipping "Generate Output Products", and Core Container flow.  ARs 67684, 67335, and 66360.
 * Bug Fix: Usage of six or more DDP (Dual Die Package/Twin Die) components is limited to 2133Mbps operation. DDR4 tool now properly adheres to this spec. AR66938
 * Feature Enhancement: Microblaze MCS 3.0 support.
 * Feature Enhancement: Clamshell support for DDR4 controller and Phy only mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Migration support for DDR4 controller and Phy only mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Parity support for DDR4 RDIMMs
 * Feature Enhancement: Self Refresh and Save Restore support for AXI Interface

2016.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated for 2016.2

2016.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Updated for 2016.1
 * Resolved issues related to certain speed grades incorrectly preventing previously allowed input clock periods.  See Xilinx Answer 62543 for details.
 * Added DBI (Data Bus Inversion) Support

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.1
 * Updated for 2015.4

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release
 * Derived from MIG IP in previous releases
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Resolved issue related to Dynamic DCI does not work for select ES devices.
 * Resolved issue related to CAS Latency setting of 17 resulting in calibration failures during DQS Gate Calibration.
 * Resolved issue related to [Xicom 50-24] error message occurring after programming device.
 * Resolved issue related to customization GUI showing incorrect Enable Chip Select Pin option when recustomizing IP.

(c) Copyright 2013 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
